fix(bug): refactor a step in the html cat photo app(#54767) (#55163)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-by-building-a-cat-photo-app/5dfa22d1b521be39a3de7be0.md

challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-12
---
<!--new branch--->

# --description--

> You can turn any text into a link, such as the text inside of a `p` element using a (`a`) tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can turn any text into a link, such as the text inside of a `p` element using an anchor (`a`) element.
```

``` html
<p>I think <a href="https://www.freecodecamp.org">freeCodeCamp</a> is great.</p>
```

> Within your `p` element, turn the words `cat photos` into a link by adding opening and closing (`a`) tags around these words. In the opening set of the (`a`) tag, add a `href` attribute and set it equal to`https://freecatphotoapp.com`
> 
> 
> 
> # --hints--

Reviewer: One single empty line here should be enough
```suggestion
Within your `p` element, turn the words `cat photos` into a link by adding opening and closing `a` tags around these words. In the opening tag of the `a` element, add a `href` attribute and set it equal to`https://freecatphotoapp.com`

# --hints--
```
